feat(design/autoware-architecture/sensing): add radar sensing document (#518)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/design/autoware-architecture/sensing/data-types/radar-data/radar-objects-data.md

# Radar objects data pre-processing design

## Overview

### Pipeline

This diagram describes the pre-process pipeline for radar objects.

![radar-objects-sensing](image/radar-objects-sensing.drawio.svg)

### Interface

- Input
  - Radar data from device
  - Twist information of ego vehicle motion
- Output
  - Merged radar objects information

### Note

- The radar pre-process package filter noise through the `ros-perception/radar_msgs/msg/RadarTrack.msg` message type with sensor coordinate.
- It is recommended to change the coordinate system from each sensor to base_link with message converter.
- If there are multiple radar objects, the object merger package concatenate these objects.

## Input

Autoware uses radar objects data type as [radar_msgs/msg/RadarTracks.msg](https://github.com/ros-perception/radar_msgs/blob/ros2/msg/RadarTracks.msg).
In detail, please see [Data message for radars](supported-functions/data-message.md).

> ## Supported functions

Reviewer: [IMO]
"Reference implementation" might be better?

Author: Fixed at
https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/518/commits/03ba9be04565ebc102a0619a59c265c89e5b4b38
https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation/pull/518/commits/fab964c17a773289122fb08ae59fbc5a87d5d0b5

### Device driver for radars

Autoware support `ros-perception/radar_msgs/msg/RadarScan.msg` and `autoware_auto_perception_msgs/msg/TrackedObjects.msg` for Radar drivers.

> In detail, please see [Device driver for radars](supported-functions/device-driver.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In detail, please see [Device driver for radars](reference-implementations/device-driver.md).
```
